RHIDP-1820: Update and reorganize RHDH installation content (#135)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: installation/proc-install-rhdh-airgapped-environment-ocp-helm.adoc

----
--

> . Push both images to the internal OpenShift image registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Push both images to the internal {ocp-short} image registry.
```

Author: I intentionally left the attribute out because the OCP docs use _OpenShift image registry_ but I will accept your suggestion because I'm not sure if the OCP docs are actually following brand standards and I prefer to use the attribute for all instances of _OpenShift_.

+
--

> For more information about pushing images directly to the OpenShift image registry, see https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6959306[How do I push an Image directly into the OpenShift 4 registry].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about pushing images directly to the {ocp-short} image registry, see https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6959306[How do I push an Image directly into the OpenShift 4 registry].
```
